[IMP] data cleaning: content improvements (#12055)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/data_cleaning.rst

Then, on the rule form, select the :guilabel:`Clean` button on the top-left. Upon doing so, the
:icon:`fa-bars` :guilabel:`Records` smart button displays the number of records captured.

Click on the :icon:`fa-bars` :guilabel:`Records` smart button to :ref:`manage these records
<data_cleaning/field-cleaning>`.

.. _data_cleaning/merge-action-manager:

Merge action manager
====================

The *Merge Action Manager* enables or disables the *Merge* action available in the *Actions* menu
for models in the database.

Enable :ref:`developer-mode` and navigate to :menuselection:`Data Cleaning app --> Configuration -->
Merge Action Manager`.

Models are listed with the following columns:

- :guilabel:`Model`: technical name of the model.
- :guilabel:`Model Description`: display name of the model.
- :guilabel:`Type`: whether the model is of the *Base Object* or *Custom Object* type.

> - :guilabel:`Transient Model`: the model handles temporary data that does not need to be persisted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Transient Model`: the model handles temporary data that does not need to be stored long-term
```

Reviewer: I wasn't sure about the use of "persisted" in this context, suggestion above but feel free to disregard

  in the database.
- :guilabel:`Can Be Merged`: enables the *Merge* action for the model.

> To view the which models are enabled by default, use the :ref:`search bar <search/filters>` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view which models are enabled by default, use the :ref:`search bar <search/filters>` to
```
